JAVA LOGICAL CODING QUESTIONS:
-------------------------------

1. Palindrome Check- Write a function that checks if a given string is a palindrome.

2. FizzBuzz- Write a program that prints the numbers from 1 to 100 with specific rules for multiples of 3 and 5.

3. Fibonacci Sequence- Write a function that returns the nth Fibonacci number.

4. Anagram Check- Write a function that checks if two given strings are anagrams of each other.

5. Prime Number Check- Write a function that checks if a given number is a prime number.

6. Factorial- Write a function that returns the factorial of a given number.

7. Reverse String- Write a function that reverses a given string.

8. Find the Missing Number- Given an array containing n distinct numbers taken from 0, 1, 2, ..., n, find the one that is missing from the array.

9. Sum of Digits- Write a function that returns the sum of the digits of a given number.

10. Binary Search - Implement binary search to find the position of a target value within a sorted array.

11. Longest Common Prefix- Write a function to find the longest common prefix string amongst an array of strings.

12. Armstrong Number - Write a function to check if a given number is an Armstrong number.

13. Remove Duplicates from Array- Write a function to remove duplicate elements from an array.

14. Check Balanced Parentheses- Write a function that checks if a given string of parentheses is balanced.

15. Count Vowels and Consonants- Write a function that counts the number of vowels and consonants in a given string.

16. Find the Largest Element in an Array- Write a function that finds the largest element in a given array.

17. Count Occurrences of a Character- Write a function that counts the occurrences of a specific character in a given string.

18. Convert Decimal to Binary- Write a function that converts a given decimal number to its binary representation.

19. Sum of Elements in an Array - Write a function that calculates the sum of all elements in a given array of integers using a for loop.

20. Calculate Average of Array Elements - Write a function that calculates the average of all elements in a given array of integers using a for loop.

21. Find Duplicates in an Array - Write a function that finds and prints all duplicate elements in a given array of integers using a for loop.

22. Remove Vowels from a String - Write a function that removes all vowels from a given string using a for loop.

23. Rotate Array to the Right - Write a function that rotates a given array of integers to the right by a specified number of positions using a for loop.

24. Replace Spaces with Hyphens - Write a function that replaces all spaces in a given string with hyphens using a for loop.

25. Find Second Largest Element in an Array - Write a function that finds the second largest element in a given array of integers using a for loop.

26. Find the Frequency of Elements in an Array - Write a function that finds the frequency of each element in a given array of integers using a for loop.

27. Sum of Even and Odd Elements in an Array - Write a function that calculates the sum of even and odd elements in a given array of integers using a for loop.

28. Capitalize First Letter of Each Word - Write a function that capitalizes the first letter of each word in a given string using a for loop.

29. Find Common Elements in Two Arrays - Write a function that finds and prints all common elements in two given arrays of integers using a for loop.

30. Sort a List of Strings by Length - Write a function that sorts a given list of strings by their length.

31.Design a program to display magic number, accept a number and check it is a magic number or not.

32.4.Given a string, write a method to remove duplicate characters.

33.Write a program to convert a given string to lowercase without using built-in methods.

34.Write a program to count the number of words in a string.

35.Given a number, write a program to check if it is a palindrome using java7.

36.Given a string, write a program to determine if it contains only digits.
 
37. Java Program to Find the Occurrence of Words in a String using HashMap.

38.Write a program to check if a given element exists in an ArrayList.

39. Given an ArrayList of integers, write a method to return a new list with each element squared.

40.Given a list of numbers, write a method to return a list with elements in reversed order.

41. To find the letters between the two given indexes of the word. 
  - Index1 should be lesser than Index2 else print, "Index2 should be greater than Index1" and terminate the program.
  - If Index1 is greater than the entered word length then, print "<Index1> is greater than the word length" and terminate the program.
  - If Index2 is greater than the entered word length then, print "<Index2> is greater than the word length" and terminate the program.
  - Index position of a word starts with 0.
 
Ex: 
Enter the word
Environment
 
Enter the two indices
5
10
 
Sample Output 1:
onmen
 
42. Given a sentence, swap the first and last words and reverse the middle character.
 
Ex:
Enter the sentence
 
Do you wear your mask
 
Output: mask ruoy raew uoy Do
 
43.Given a sentence and Arrange the letters in the word in alphabetical order.
Ex:
Enter the sentence
 
the series
 
Output: eht eeirss

44. Write a Java program to remove a specified character from a given string.


Original string:
abcdefabcdeabcdaaa

remove char from given string :  "a"

Second string:
bcdefbcdebcd

45.Write a Java program to sort in ascending and descending order by length of the given array of strings.

Original unsorted colors: [Green, White, Black, Pink, Orange, Blue, Champagne, Indigo, Ivory]

Sorted color (descending order): [Champagne, Orange, Indigo, Green, White, Black, Ivory, Pink, Blue]

Sorted color (ascending order): [Pink, Blue, Green, White, Black, Ivory, Orange, Indigo, Champagne]

46. Write a Java program to create a new string repeating every character twice of a given string.

   Sample Output:

   The given string is: welcome
   The new string is: wweellccoommee

47. Given a string of even length, return the first half. So the string "WooHoo" yields "Woo".


firstHalf("WooHoo") → "Woo"
firstHalf("HelloThere") → "Hello"
firstHalf("abcdef") → "abc"

48.Write a java program to print the number names of the numbers
Ex:
Enter the number
 
58723
 
Output :
 
five eight seven two three 

49.Find All Pairs in an Array That Sum to a Specific Value
Write a function that finds and prints all pairs of integers in an array that sum to a specific value. 

50.Pawan owns a lottery ticket. He can win the lottery only if the unlucky code is not present in the ticket id.  
 
Requirements:
 
Number of times of unlucky code in the ticket Id decide the winner.
If there is no unlucky code in the ticket Id, then print as "<<Ticket Id>> is lucky ticket".
If the count of the unlucky code is less than 3, then print as "<<Ticket Id>> is partially lucky".
If the count of the unlucky code is greater than or equal to 3, then print as "<<Ticket Id>> is unlucky ticket".
 
Ex:
Enter the ticket Id
23453212
 
Enter the unlucky code
3
 
Output: 23453212 is partially lucky
 
Ex2:Enter the ticket Id
13467542232
 
Enter the unlucky code
0
 
Output: 13467542232 is lucky ticket

